hey everyone so today we're going to be
making a really cute sweet Halloween
treat and that is going to be a rice
krispie ghost and this is great for
parties where right before you go
trick-or-treating if you have all little
kids over or maybe you're just hanging
out with your friends and you want
something cool to make so this is what
we're going to make and just keep
watching so the first thing you're going
to need is six tablespoons of butter and
2 10 ounce packages of marshmallows that
you can purchase at your grocery store
or practically anywhere you can probably
get them out like rite aid too and I
epically failed at opening this bag of
marshmallows and it was just pathetic
and miserable so next you're going to
place those in the microwave for about
two minutes and thoroughly mix the
butter and marshmallows together and
you're really going to need to stir it
well and it looked should look like this
when it's finished and then you're going
to need a box of rice krispies cereal
the plane wheat ones and take 10 cups of
that and place it into your bowl
and your bowl needs to be pretty big to
hold all this or you could cut the
recipe in half if you'd like if you're
just eating it yourself and it's going
to be kind of difficult to stir together
at first just make sure there's no lumps
of marshmallow left and this is how much
the recipe makes obviously you can cut
it in half or fourth and then you're
going to need to shape your rice
krispies into a ghost after letting it
sit for 30 minutes and i did this pretty
easily but if you're having trouble
sculpting your ghost then you can cut
out a template from a ghost online and
i'm sure you can find that anywhere and
the rice krispie treats should be pretty
easy to work with and if it's too sticky
then you probably have a problem and
should let it sit longer so next what
i'm going to do is take some orange
icing that i purchased at the grocery
store and it already came in this nice
little container and place that onto
your ghost and i wrote the words boo but
you could also write like happy
halloween or just halloween or ghosts or
anything like that and it just makes it
cute and icing tastes good too
and the last major step is melting some
chocolate chips or you could just take a
block of chocolate and cut it up and
melt it in the microwave for about a
minute to have been and a half just
don't overcook it in a microwavable safe
bowl and then stir it all together and I
did burn my finger right there and it
hurt really really bad so it was
pathetic and it was a bad mistake by me
but I'll get over it so then you're
going to need to make two circles on
your ghost and those are going to be the
chocolate eyes and obviously you could
use other candy like black licorice or
any circular candies you could find or
if you wanted to use black icing you
could do that too I just want chocolate
butter and it does give your ghost some
more flavor and then you're going to
need to place your mouth between the two
eyes and you could also add some blush
by melting some white chocolate and
adding red food dye and I'd be really
cute too but I didn't have any red food
dye left or food coloring so I couldn't
do that but you know it's a good idea so
this is what my ghost looked like when
it was completed and alongside I added
some chocolate chips some chocolate chip
um candy corn bark and over here is just
some orange icing and all those things
can be used for dipping your rice
krispie treat into to add a little more
flavor so thanks for watching everyone
please rate comment and subscribe